hey everybody this is brett and you know
I've been a massage therapist for about
10 years now and often times I've
thought about how important it is to
stimulate the nerves that are coming out
of your spinal cord going out to various
parts organs and things in your body and
whenever I would do a massage I would do
a lot of strokes up people spine I'd
always make it a point to do elbows or
feet or palms combination of all of
those things to give a lot of good
spinal stimulation because I know how
good it feels and how important it is
for your help now I can't get a massage
every day in fact nowadays I am thought
getting near as much massage as I would
like to get and sometimes that's just
how it is but I am getting that every
day my wood roller and oh my god it is
so damn good I should be not it's your
role on this and I won't roll on that
phone thing again not those are up in
the closet they're up there in the
closet I haven't even seen that little
white foam roller but that thing was
even great now that i'm using these you
know there's no going back and they
don't squish in their firm i'm totally
used to it now and I'm really getting my
shoulders back where they belong because
I'm pressing ian on the mid thoracic and
that's forcing the shoulders back it's
also stimulating the nerves coming out
of my spine going out to all parts of my
body and I mean think about that
think about how important that must be
because say everything gets clogged in
our bodies the more were exposed to
toxins in our environment the more we
want to eat heavy foods so that that can
kind of nullify those toxins and or bad
feelings maybe you have bad feelings
about something or someone in your life
and you just want to sit and eat a bunch
of heavy foods to kind of dull your
senses that's what we do but when we do
that it clogs our bodies and then we
don't feel good we don't feel our senses
don't work as good as they used to and
so we've got to do everything that we
can to clean up our environments and our
lifestyle so that we don't have to do
that because we don't want to be clogged
we don't want to be dull we want to be
vibrant healthy people and this spinal
or check it out I made a whole bunch of
them and I'm not making that much money
on these they're ninety dollars and I
know that may seem a little bit
expensive but it cost me 35 in materials
and it takes me at least a couple of
hours each to make one of those and so
it's a labor of love it's my invention
you know I'm not going to sell a zillion
of these because the people that will
appreciate this product are a small
percentage of the population people that
really care about their health and
that's the same with all of my products
and
I'm not looking to do volume I'm looking
for a quality and you know I was
thinking how cool it would be to paint
designs on my squatting toilet platforms
I'll put a link right oh wait that's
right i haven't put that on the new web
site soon I'm going to put the noose the
squatting toilet platforms on the new
website that's one of two things there's
only two more things that need to go on
the new website Brett's natural health
com there but check it out I could paint
some cool designs on the side now the
new rollers are maple cool huh the full
a little bit of grain in that one my
first one I did was pine it looks kind
of cool but it's not one piece it's
jointed together in any case so check
them out put the wood rollers right dere
click on that the theracane is also a
great tool for stimulating your spine up
and down your spine I use both of those
every single day sometimes for I don't
all roll on one of those four five or
ten minutes several times two three four
times a day and it's just really really
good so thanks for joining me